So damn cold…
How many hours has it been today?
I haven't eaten anything
since this morning, I'm starving…
What should I eat when I get home…?
Yes, but you said bigger is better, right?
If you're gonna make 'em fight,
heavier is better…
Okay, I'll look for one
and call you back. Yes.
What? He's not here. Where did he go?
What a pain… Is he in the bathroom?
Hey, look.
What?
Want to eat a fish sausage?
- Kyapi.
- Hey.
- That guy was in the tournament, right?
- Kyapi.
- He won't eat it!
- Come on, take it! It's fish sausage!
Looks good!
I'm taking the fish sausage!
No cameras on the emergency stairs!
Yo.
Panda, are you sure this is okay?
This could cause trouble later…
It's fine.
Let's lock down the door already.
What? Kirara? Wasn't she with Hakari?
Panda…
And the spiky-haired kid…
So he snuck in with Panda's help…
Is he from Jujutsu High?
Which means Yuji
is from Jujutsu High…
Kinji is in danger!
Boss, I need to talk…
Divine Dogs!
All right.
What? Fushiguro!
My Divine Dog got blown away!
No, based on what Panda said,
it really can't get any closer!
- What?
'Cause I've already marked Panda.
The monitoring room!
She's going back to Hakari!
Wait, Kirara! We're not your enemies!
We just have something to ask Hakari!
I don't believe you!
I'm disappointed in you, Panda!
What? So this is
the "can't get close" thing for me too.
So Kirara can't get close either?
Fushiguro!
And not just that!
I can't separate from Divine Dog!
What kind of technique is this?
BATTLE ARENA - 2ND FLOOR
- Listen!
- No!
I've cooled off.
This stalemate is perfect!
Kirara!
We're not exactly on Jujutsu High's side.
You know what's happening in Tokyo, right?
Those barriers aren't unrelated.
There was an unprecedented
jujutsu terror attack.
We need Hakari's help!
You're the ones who cut us out first.
Serves you right.
That's why I said we're not on their side…
What happened
between you and the higher-ups?
They clashed with the conservatives.
And being a conservative
isn't just about rules. It's an ideology.
"Jujutsu should be this way."
Kugisaki's technique is a good example.
It's the kind conservatives like.
"Proper jujutsu."
Like those old "cursed video" trends.
As times change,
jujutsu mixes with new tech.
When that reaches techniques,
the conservatives get loud.
Hakari's technique is the textbook case.
Those idiots up top are like that,
so of course they lose.
But you guys
can always have Satoru Gojo
clean up for you, right?
So why would you need us?
So you're lying about "asking for help,"
and you've got another goal.
That's the normal conclusion.
Mr. Gojo was sealed.
That's why we lost.
Right… They don't believe it.
Well, I get it.
But this person is the closest to Hakari.
Rabbit Escape!
Rabbits?
If we persuade her,
negotiating with Hakari will be easier…
Acrux.
Acrux!
That's a lot. What is he trying to do?
My technique marks cursed energy.
So shikigami are treated like the user.
At this rate, you'll get dragged in
like that dog.
Crushed by your own shikigami
and suffocate.
Panda! How was Rabbit Escape?
Cutest thing ever! Second only to me!
I'm asking what you could
and couldn't approach!
Oh, me and the second floor were fine!
Kirara and the monitoring room door
were no good!
Is there a star mark and a name somewhere
on your body?
Huh? Oh. I, M, A, I.
Same here.
- Imai… Imai… Somewhere…
- Found it.
Marked as Acrux,
the same as Rabbit Escape.
Divine Dog might have it too.
I don't know everything yet, but…
I got it.
The trick is constellations.
If you know that much, someone who gets it
really gets it.
The motif constellation is…
The Southern Cross.
Damn it!
We both gave it away!
I had that "No way!" look on my face!
SERIOUSLY?
I didn't have absolute proof
it was the Southern Cross.
But I made a surprised face.
I made them confident.
If they fully see through my technique,
they'll get into the monitoring room.
So I'm stopping them here.
Another stalemate…
But it really was the Southern Cross.
Thanks, Tsumiki.
Still, I don't know any more than that…
Wait. Doesn't the Southern Cross
have four stars?
Fushiguro.
I can still get close to Panda.
Panda,
Southern Cross is four stars, right?
Well… I mean, it's a cross…
Yes. That makes sense.
I thought Kirara assigned each of us
a Southern Cross star
and forced distances.
But Kirara can approach the door.
And you and I can approach each other.
So it's not just simple repulsion
between our stars and Kirara's stars?
If that were the case,
Kirara should've run inside
the monitoring room already.
Oh, right.
If they stuck to the door from the inside,
we would be done.
Then how about this?
Star A can approach Star B,
but B can't approach A.
Each star has compatibility,
and you can only approach compatible ones.
Like rock-paper-scissors.
ROCK-PAPER-SCISSOR THEORY
But you and I can approach
each other freely, right?
So that's not it either.
What if there's a set route,
like a stamp rally,
with an order you must follow?
And identical stars attract.
STAMP RALLY THEORY
I see.
Could the sorcerer be excluded
from their own technique?
That can't be true.
Kirara was forced away
from the shikigami too.
Right now, Kirara is on guard,
worried we'll meet some condition
and slip into the monitoring room
out of sight.
That means there are at least five stars.
Yes.
If the stamp rally theory is true,
and there were only four, either you or I
could approach Kirara.
So there must be a fifth star in between,
and without passing through it,
we can't get close to Kirara or the door.
What if there are six or seven?
I really hope not.
Five stars on a cross
already makes no sense.
If they know…
then of course I'll attack.
What?
Panda!
I'm fine! No problem, Fushiguro!
Find the star!
Hey! Don't throw it!
What?
Just like you,
I put the same Imai star on the car.
If you throw it like with Divine Dog,
it will snap back,
or you'll get yanked in!
To attach a star,
you probably have to touch the target.
But neither I nor Rabbit Escape
touched Kirara.
Only Divine Dog got touched.
Which means
Kirara isn't marking objects,
but cursed energy itself.
To put a star on the door or the car,
someone's cursed energy
had to be infused in advance.
I knew it!
Residuals of cursed energy,
aside from Kirara's, are on the car.
If the technique's range isn't huge,
then the residuals of the other star
should be…
Found it. The fifth star.
There aren't any more traces
besides the three of us.
Kirara had already marked her own
cursed energy with a star.
So to mark an object with my Acrux star,
she can't use her own cursed energy.
That's why she can't fling things at me
as she did with the car.
If I touch that, I can get close to her.
Fushiguro's hypothesis is correct.
Kirara's technique, Love Rendezvous,
uses the Southern Cross as its motif
and assigns five stars
to a target's cursed energy.
To approach another star,
you must follow a fixed sequence.
And matching stars pull toward one side.
You're amazing.
You really get my technique.
Panda!
Huh?
That "sequence" is depth.
Even constellations that look flat
have depth.
Their distance from Earth
is different for each star.
But you assumed I couldn't throw objects
anymore, didn't you?
All I have to do is remove the star
on my cursed energy, Ginan,
and give myself
the same Acrux star as you.
Huh?
Why? From where?
Oh, right! That dog…
You still hadn't released
the shikigami dog yet.
You even figured out which side
gets pulled with matching stars.
Put a wall between me and the shikigami,
and wedge the pulled shikigami
against the wall…
Then, when I step onto the line,
you release the dog!
Damn it! Release Love Rendezvous!
Please listen to us.
Did you really aim that?
You and that dog. You couldn't have known
which one would be pulled.
It was a gamble, but now I get it.
It pulls whoever has
the higher cursed output, right?
At first, I was pulled toward Divine Dog.
But this time, I reinforced myself
to block your attack,
and the result flipped.
You're a first year?
You're seriously kind of adorable…
Please.
We don't have time. Please listen to us.
Fine.
- Itadori!
- Fushiguro. Panda.
Don't interfere.
Don't underestimate me.
- Hey!
- What?
This kid… all this time…
He's not even trying to dodge.
You're nuts.
This isn't like Shibuya.
It's a ritual, basically,
to make Hakari acknowledge me.
I'm not dodging anymore.
I'm not fighting back either!
Until this guy breaks…
Interesting. I'll hear you out.
As long as you're still standing.
Kinji. These kids need your help!
Hear them out.
I said I'm listening!
Hey, Itadori. Why me?
We just met, right?
So why come to me?
Because the upperclassmen
said you were strong.
Thought so.
When a sorcerer
asks another sorcerer for help,
it's basically,
"Put your life on the line with us."
You have to show me the heat
to make me do that!
Right here! Right now!
And you're telling me you came
because someone else said so?
What's Yaga doing?
Weeding out punks like you already!
- I don't have heat.
- What?
I'm a cog.
A cog sorcerer used to
exorcise curses, and kept exorcising them.
I'm a cog.
What? Seriously?
You're boring as hell.
This is bad.
Itadori, that's enough!
It hurts, right?
Mr. Gojo said my cursed energy
feels rougher than other people's.
Did you die?
Hey, Panda and sea urchin-head!
Grab Itadori and get lost!
And don't ever--
What?
No guard, and three hits?
And before that, I wailed on you.
What are you made of?
I'm a cog.
A cog has a role, right?
My role is to keep exorcising curses.
And if that means we need you, Hakari,
I'll stick to you until you say yes.
Hakari.
What's your role?
This brat…
So this is a cog's heat…
Fine. However many hits you want--
Kinji. Aren't you getting worked up?
I can't lie about heat.
- Guys, come down.
- Huh?
It's a deal.
What? So he's…
okay with it?
Yes.
Thank you…
Sure.
I hate those higher-ups,
but Kinji was the most passionate
when he was helping people
at Jujutsu High.
That hurt!
What?
Ring-ring!
- What?
A rule has been added to the Culling Game
by a player.
Rule nine.
Players may view other players' info.
Their name, points,
number of rules they have added,
and which colony barrier they're in.
A PLAYER CAN ADD A RULE
AFTER GAINING ENOUGH POINTS
THE GAME MASTER MUST ACCEPT NEW RULES,
UNLESS THEY THREATEN THE GAME'S CONTINUITY
Five points have been added.
Of course. I killed them.
Everyone is so damn weak.
People were a bit better 400 years ago.
Where are you, Sukuna?
Your points have exceeded 200.
Do you want to use 100 points
to add a rule to the Culling Game?
Right. Rules…
Names and points,
which measure their strength.
But adding a rule
would reduce one's points.
Then the number of rules
they have added too.
And which colony barrier they're in…
Kogane. Add a rule.
Make all players' information public.
CULLING GAME PLAYER HAJIME KASHIMO
Between dream and reality.
- A curse.
- Why do you know my name?
Once you step inside, you're a player too.
Make them create a way
for Tsumiki to leave the Culling Game.
NEXT EPISODE